Fix wording for "concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/#required-fields" (#31909)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects.md

The precise format of the object `spec` is different for every Kubernetes object, and contains nested fields specific to that object. The [Kubernetes API Reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/) can help you find the spec format for all of the objects you can create using Kubernetes.

For example, see the [`spec` field](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodSpec)

> for the Pod API reference (implementation details of the Golang code that Kubernetes uses to implement its API).

Reviewer: This is an improvement, but it's also slightly misleading. The Pod API reference is not “implementation details of the Golang code that Kubernetes uses to implement its API”. If someone wanted to write their own node implementation - some already exist - then those implementations are expected conform to the Pod API (and the Node API, etc) regardless of what programming language they use.

The _implementation details of the Golang code that Kubernetes uses to implement its API_ refers to the fragment identifier being named `PodSpec`, and that you see UpperCamelCase field names in that page - even though in the API it's not called a PodSpec; it's really a field named `spec` for resources of type `Pod`. In the Golang code for the kubelet, scheduler, etc, you do see `PodSpec` in upper camel case.

Author: I think the confusion comes from the subject being discussed (`spec` field) and the details of Pod API to which the parentheses refers to (unless I'm missing something). I'll remove the parentheses so there's no disambiguation.

The precise format of the object `spec` is different for every Kubernetes object, and contains nested fields specific to that object. The [Kubernetes API Reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/) can help you find the spec format for all of the objects you can create using Kubernetes.

> For example, see [this `spec` field](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodSpec) reference for Pod details, for a Pod in the API, and [this `spec` field](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/deployment-v1/#DeploymentSpec) reference for Deployment details, for Deployments.

Reviewer 2: 👋 @alghe-global . I think the text could be clearer. Is this correct:

For example, see the details of the [Pod `spec`](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodSpec) and the definition of the [Deployment `spec`](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/deployment-v1/#DeploymentSpec) in the Kubernetes API reference. Kubernetes uses a resource's `spec` to implement its API.

> For example, see [this `spec` field](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodSpec) reference for Pod details, for a Pod in the API, and [this `spec` field](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/deployment-v1/#DeploymentSpec) reference for Deployment details, for Deployments.

Reviewer: How about this:

```suggestion
For example, see the [`spec` field](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodSpec)
in the reference for Pod. For each Pod, the `.spec` field specifies the pod and its desired state
(such as the container image name for each container within that pod).

Another example of an object specification is the
[`spec` field](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/stateful-set-v1/#StatefulSetSpec)
for the StatefulSet API. For StatefulSet, the `.spec` field specifies the StatefulSet and
its desired state.
Within the `.spec` of a StatefulSet is a [template](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/#pod-templates)
for Pod objects. That template describes Pods that the StatefulSet controller will create in order to
satisfy the StatefulSet specification.

Different kinds of object can also have different `.status`; again, the API reference pages
detail the structure of that `.status` field, and its content for each different type of object.
```

I switched to StatefulSet to avoid needing to explain what a ReplicaSet is.

Author: * I'd reword `in the reference for Pod.` (in the reference of what?)
* Next line (line no. 87) needs to be updated since we're now talking about `StatefulSet` instead of Deployment.

Reviewer: Please feel free to revise your PR in line with the suggestions I've made, @alghe-global

Reviewer: As for “see the `spec` field in the reference for Pod” - that makes sense to me. I've elided _documentation_; a longer form would be “see the `spec` field in the reference documentation for Pod”.

If you want to suggest other wording, that's also fine.
